c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.exe.config
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
C:\Users\Giovanni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\client_secret.json
C:\Users\Giovanni\Documents\GitHub\MyLearn\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.exe.config
C:\Users\Giovanni\Documents\GitHub\MyLearn\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.exe
C:\Users\Giovanni\Documents\GitHub\MyLearn\GoogleDriveAPI\GoogleDriveAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleDriveAPI.pdb
